Ensure there is no confusion about the scope of rancher-backup (#1701)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/how-to-guides/new-user-guides/backup-restore-and-disaster-recovery/backup-restore-and-disaster-recovery.md

The backup-restore operator needs to be installed in the local cluster, and only backs up the Rancher app. The backup and restore operations are performed only in the local Kubernetes cluster.

:::note

> `rancher-backup` handles the backup and restore of Rancher's core components only. It does not include applications deployed from the local cluster repositories, such as `rancher-monitoring` or `rancher-logging`, in the backup process. To back up these applications, consider using third-party tools or manually exporting and redeploying Helm charts and custom resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`rancher-backup` only handles backing up and restoring Rancher's core components. It does not back up applications deployed from the local cluster repositories, such as `rancher-monitoring` or `rancher-logging`. To back up these applications, consider using third-party tools or manually exporting and redeploying Helm charts and custom resources.
```
